I hate my father.
I knew he loved money, but I did not expect this.
He fucking sold me, to the 'Handed Ones' no less.
Didn't even have the self-respect to tell me why or what for.
Just pointed his gun at me and told me to get in the wagon, that I earned him half a king's ransom.

They put me here, like I'm just more cargo.
A copper band on my wrist reminds me, that to them, I just might be.
The forest goes by slowly, the horses barely trotting.
I'm bored.

It's spring, which I'm glad for.
Birds chirp as a gentle breeze blows.
The air smells fresh, clean from last night's rain.
Sun beams through the branches, reflecting off the dew in the moss and ferns that hide under the tall imposing trees.

They are outmatched by my guard, however.
Sitting down, they are taller than me standing straight up.
Like every Handed one, they are covered head to toe.
Layers of cloth topped by a heavy hooded robe, in their case, a soft sky blue.
The only parts ever seen are their softly glowing eyes.
Even their hands, with which they communicate, are gloved.
Grasped in theirs is a bolt rifle.
Their orange eyes, like tiny suns, scan the forest.

I’d say I recognize her, but I’d remember someone so scary.

I spot a squirrel on one of the trees and my heart thrums with momentary excitement.
Then I realize what I got excited for and it deadens in my chest.
Excited for a rodent, I’m that bored.
I turn to my guard, swallow my fear and do my best to talk without shaking.

"So, what did you do to get stuck with me?
Do you really think I'm going to escape?"

They don't move, make any acknowledgement.
I stand up and the gun immediately swings into my face.
I push it away and sit back down.
"Okay, touchy."

I pull my knees to my chest.
I cross my legs.
I face forwards.
Backwards.
I lay back, and immediately regret the hard coins that meet my spine.
I sigh.

I roll over, look up at the spire that is my guard.
"Okay, how about this?
What's your name?
Mine's Erica."

There's a beat. They set down their gun. They twist and move their hands. I shake my head.
"I don't understand."

They still, retract a hand, pointing with the other.
Their body shifts, almost like they deflate.
Copper rings on their gloved hand glow like they're being heated.
The tip of one finger shines softly, like a candle.
They drag it through the air, leaving a trail of flame, to spell out 'Sarah.'

Something about it rings a bell, deep in my mind, but it's lost.
Deep in the fog of forgone memory.

Suddenly, the word is gone and my world is darker.
Sarah's immense shadow looms over me as she stands at her full height of over two metres, holding her rifle.
A burst of light and sound explode from the gun, an arc of electricity crackling, then is gone.

Shaking, my hair on end, I peek over the edge.
On the ground, a horse and its masked rider, an exploded bolt rifle beside them.

I rush back to where I was sitting.
My knees once again held against my chest, I resist the urge to sob.
Sarah sits back down.
While her shadow is gone, its cold weight remains.
I try to look anywhere else, but my eyes are stuck to her gun.

"Are... Are they dead?"

She shakes her head.

"Okay."
My breaths come a little steadier, but my heart remains taught.
I rest my chin on my knees.

I hear something move and I'm pulled sideways into an embrace.
Sarah's body is huge and warm.
Against her immobile frame, I feel just how shaken I am.
My whole body trembles.

Sarah strokes my head, silent.
In this quiet void, I feel how soft her clothes are.
Navy strips of cashmere, held with brass pins, wrap her body.
She places her chin on my head and I have to resist the urge to feel safe.

"Why?"

She writes in the air again.
'Better?' it asks.

My jaw moves, but no words come out.
I want to feel trapped, by my father, by her.
But she holds me just tight enough I know I can escape.

I throw myself away from her.
My breath is ragged.

"I'm... why... Tell me, you- You are so confusing."
A shiver assaults me.
I hug myself and sit down.

Sarah moves to write again.

"No, please.
I want to *talk* to you.
Can you do that?"

She stops.
Her body, her menace appears to grow.
Her eyes glow brighter.
Noiseless, she empties the bolt rifle, reloads, checks the scope and turns away from me.

My heart chokes on regret.
"Okay, forget I asked."

--

Sarah makes no more attempts to interact with me.
She feels colder than when she first loaded me on the wagon.
We brake for camp, eat some kind of soup from a pot in a campfire.
The others spread out, some standing guard while others pitch tents.
It's a cluster of coloured robes, red, green, yellow and purple swirling around us.
Each of them moving and shifting with grace and precision.

Despite her atmosphere, Sarah stays with me.
The other wagon guards are pitching tents, everyone else having traded jobs.
Confusion blurs my thoughts.

"I guess you're stuck with me then?"
I try to joke, no doubt smiling awkwardly.

No reaction.
I sigh.
She puts a hand on my shoulder and guides me to one of the larger tents, this one the same colour as her robe.
She signs to the one who constructed it and they move on to build another.

Sarah pushes me inside.
I land on a pile of indigo blankets.
I note the second pile, but see Sarah hasn't joined me.
She sits down by the entrance, not looking at me.
With nothing else to do, I lay down, try to sleep.
It doesn't come.
The copper band on my wrist feels like it's around my throat instead.

--

The moons are just cresting over the tops of the trees.
Stars shimmer, galaxies and planets spin overhead.
It's beautiful, but my mind is elsewhere. I rub the copper band, its surface smooth and gently warm.

*Is this really my life now?
Better than being on the run, I guess.
But why any of this?
Who bought me, what for?*
I roll over, flip, look at Sarah.
A pit forms in my stomach as my chest tightens.
The blankets beside me are still undisturbed.

I sit up, reach out, tap her shoulder.

Like lightning, she is beside me.
One hand on my back, the other holding a cold blade to my throat.
I gulp, the thin edge scratching my skin.
Her orange eyes bore into me.

"Gods, I'm sorry.
I just..."
A tear falls down my cheek.

She flicks it away with her knife.
I feel my rapid heartbeat reverberate through my body.
I shake, the hard steel burning where it touches me.
Something wet trails down my neck and I'm too scared to see if it's sweat, tears or blood.
Sarah's eyes capture mine.

"I just wanted to apologize.
I offended you, when you were trying to comfort me.
I'm just scared, alone and confused.
You confuse me.
Am I not someone's property now?
Why do you care?"
I shake my head.
"It doesn't matter.
I'm not going to ask you to talk again."

Those tiny suns stare at me, harsh and hot.
She looks so deeply, I can feel my flesh, bones and soul laid bare to her.
I can't breathe, everything is still.
The fine blade is still ever present at my throat. And then it's gone, spinning and vanishing between her fingers.

The glow of her eyes soften.
She moves over to the second pile of blankets.
She's asleep in seconds.
No one comes to replace her watch over me.

I peek out of the tent.
A rainbow of fabric blows in the night breeze, but none are the distinctive robes of my captors.
I could run if I wanted.
No one could stop me.
I glance at Sarah, at the metal on my wrist.

I take a step out of the tent and my arm burns, the band heating to unbearable levels.
I rush back in and it cools instantly.

Sarah looks up from her blankets.
She pulls back the sleeve of her robe to show a partner band on her wrist, shaking her head.

"Can you blame me for trying?"
She says nothing, turning back to her blankets.
Her breathing evens in moments.

I run my hands over the copper.
It's barely warm, but I can still feel the heat.

The moons are high overhead when I finally fall asleep.

--

When I wake, the sun streams through the tent fabric, casting blue light over everything.
Beside me, the blankets are empty.
Sarah sits by the entrance once more.
My heart pulls on my chest, tight, restrictive.

"Here I thought you were starting to like me."

A glance.
Better than nothing.

Feeling useless, I start folding the blankets.
They're huge, dense and soft, made from quality wool.
Not scratchy like the sweaters my mother used to make.

A hand falls on my shoulder and I drop the blanket.
Sarah stands over me, shakes her head.
She pushes down and forces me to the ground.
I try reaching for the dropped bedding.
She points her gun at me.
I retract my hand.

She picks up the blanket and folds it herself.
Her motions are precise and perfect, like a machine or magic.

"I'm just meant to sit here then?"

She nods.

"So I'm not a slave?"

Another nod.

"Then what?"

No response.

I sigh, cross my arms as she folds all the blankets and places them outside.
She picks me up, carrying me in one arm.
I squirm, shift, try anything to leave, but she holds me tight against her.

"Let me go."

My response is the gentle breeze of outside as we leave the tent.
She carries me to a wagon and plants me inside.
She steps in, but is interrupted by a red cloaked guard.
She puts her gun down and they sign at each other, hand motions erratic and angry.
Sarah pulls up her sleeve and shows them the copper band on her arm.
She makes a fist and my band heats, strange symbols made of fire appearing along it.

The red guard looks between the two bands, glowing blue eyes sharp.
They wave their rifle at Sarah.
She gently pushes them away.
They shoulder the gun, finger tight on the trigger.

Sarah doesn't move, she's just suddenly in front of them, pushing the gun upwards.
The gun fires, exploding a bolt into the sky.
My eyes burn and ears ring, I barely see what happens next.

Sarah sweep kicks, knocking them to the ground.
She steps on their arm, pulls their gun from their hand and strikes them with the stock.
I hear their nose break.

She drops the gun, flicks her wrist and her knife appears.
She grabs their hood and cuts it off, the fabric providing no resistance to the sharp blade.
The scarlet cloth wrapped around their head is next, their face revealed.
Rusty hair, dark walnut skin, pointed ears, eyes still a soft glowing blue. His nose leaks a pale blue blood.

I've never seen a Handed one without their cover.
I can't decide if I should stare or look away.

Sarah drops the cloth on their chest and returns to the wagon.
As she sits down, I try and decide if I should be relieved or scared she's guarding me.

"What did they do, question your authority?"

A nod.

"Remind me to never upset you."

No response.
She just twirls her blade between her fingers, a magic dance that suddenly ends when the knife vanishes into thin air.

I stare at her empty hand, mesmerized.
She picks up her gun and I'm brought back when she checks the bolt cartridge, replacing it with a click.
I look down at my bracelet, the fiery symbols long faded.
A common thought comes to me, screaming to be vocalized.

"If I'm not a slave, what am I?
Who bought me, why?
Was it you?"

Sarah shakes her head, looks almost sad.

"Who then? Why?"

She raises her hand and draws out a name I recognize from my father's many dealings, 'Jonah'.
The richest handed one, regarded by many empires as their 'King'.
It's wiped away and replaced with, 'bride'.

"I'm sorry, what?" I laugh.
"That can't be true."

Sarah stares at me, no hint of joke in her tiny suns.
My heart falls.

"You're all merchants and traders.
You keep to yourselves.
Besides, I'm not royalty or anything like that, what would be the point?"

Sarah shrugs.
I sigh.

"Of course, you're just the delivery girl."

A spike of anxiety makes my heart skip a beat.
"Is he kind?"

Sarah stills, then slowly shakes her head.
My heart falls.
I curl into myself.

Motion.
I look behind her to see at the fallen red guard.
Two others, with green and yellow robes, pick them up and carry them into the wagon behind us.
A short trial of blue blood shimmers in the sun.

"Is it bad, what you did to him?"

She nods, writes, 'Shame'.

I peer into her shining eyes.
"Are you on my side?"

A nod.

"But-"

She places a gloved finger to my lips, silences me.
Her arms open and I fling myself into them.
She sits me on her lap, wraps me in her robe.

She reaches out her hands, the copper rings glowing.
She moves her hands and flames appear, twisting and turning.
They form shapes, shapes I recognize.

Me, in an oversized sweater my mother knit for me to grow into.
I'm running, my flabby eight year old arms too short for my sleeves.
I race up to a sight I thought I would never see again.
My father, smile in his eyes and a laugh on his teeth.
He twirls me, then pushes me to play with the children of the handed ones he's trading with.
My heart skips a beat as my memory clicks into place.

"No..." I whisper.
"You can't be."
I gaze upward. "You were so short back then."

She pats my head, a silent laugh shakes her chest.
I curl up against her, and as the wagon moves through the forest once more, I feel far safer than I did the day before.

--

Harsh reality rains down on me a week later.
Literal rain falls, soaking and chilling me to the core.
Sarah does her best to keep me warm with he small flames.
We're in the mountains, the trees thick and dense.

We pull into a massive clearing and greeted by a giant castle.
Solid granite, carved delicately and with intricate patterns.

We roll to the doors and it opens to reveal the tallest handed one I've ever seen.
The yellow robed tower easily stands at over two and a half metres tall.
They wave their hands, shooting off a dazzling display of fire.

They swirl, zoom, fly past my ear with a roar.
And then they're gone, the commotion of unpacking replacing them.
The saffron figure gestures to Sarah and she pulls me out of the wagon.
We follow them inside.

The doors close behind us with a dull thud.
We are drawn to a nearby sitting room.
A fire is lit and they turn to look at us.

They're eyes are dark crimson, like blood, and they drill into me.
They approach Sarah, signing.
I feel dwarfed, helpless, which I am.

Sarah reaches out her arm and they remove the copper band on her wrist.
They reach into their robe and pull out a bag of coins.
He tosses them to her and she looks at them like they're dirt.

He kneels down to me and my hair stands on end as he unexpectedly speaks, his voice deep, harsh and powerful.

"Hello My little treat.
I'm Jonah.
 I've been waiting long for you.
 You're mine now."

 He grabs me and pulls me away from Sarah.
 I look back, plead silently, 'help me'.

 I watch her pocket the coins and my soul is crushed. I turn away, hopeless.

 "I cannot wait for you to see your dress," He says.
"Then of course, you shall begin your lessons.
I'm only talking as a courtesy. Can't have you using-"

A swish and a thunk, Sarah's bracelet, caught by a knife, hangs from the wall.
My heart picks up.

Jonah and I turn around.
Sarah drops the bag of coins on the ground, then reaches into her robes and drops out two more.

Jonah holds up five fingers. Sarah drops two more bags.
Using this as a distraction, I sneak towards the knife in the wall.
I grab it and rush towards Jonah and throw myself at him as hard as I can.
He falls to the ground with a thwack.

I hold the knife over him and shout,
"Let me go, or I'll cut your robe off."

He looks between me and Sarah, who has moved over him with another knife.

"Fine."

I stab my knife into his sleeve and Sarah stabs hers and a couple more into his robes, rendering him immobile unless he wishes to rip everything.

I walk over to the coins, but Sarah pulls me away and out the door.
She walks up to a wagon and throws me in.

"What now?" I ask.

'Where to?' She writes.

"Anywhere."

She nods.
